[RHACS] ROX15032 documentation for ACS Analytics overview (Telemetry) (#57715)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/information-collected-by-telemetry.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telemetry/about-telemetry.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="information-collected-by-telemetry_{context}"]
= Information collected by Telemetry

Telemetry does not collect identifying information such as usernames, passwords, or the names or addresses of user resources.

Telemetry collects the following information:

> * API, roxctl and user interface (UI) features and settings to know how you use Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes, which helps prioritize efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* API, roxctl and user interface (UI) features and settings to know how you use {rh-rhacs-first}, which helps prioritize efforts.
```

* The time you spend on UI screens to improve user experience.

> * The integrations used to know if there are integrations that you never used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The integrations used to know if there are integrations that you never used.
* The number of connected secured clusters and their configurations.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telemetry/about-telemetry.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="information-collected-by-telemetry_{context}"]
= Information collected by Telemetry

Telemetry does not collect identifying information such as user names, passwords, or the names or addresses of user resources.

Telemetry collects the following information:

> * API, `roxctl` and user interface (UI) features and settings to know how you use {rh-rhacs-first}, which helps prioritize efforts.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** 

- We usually refer `roxctl` as **`roxctl` CLI**.
- s/ and/, and

* The time you spend on UI screens to help us improve user experience.

> * The integrations used to know if there are integrations that you never used.

Reviewer 2: **issue:** 

- s/integrations used/integrations are used
- s/you never/you have never
